changed the add missing assets section (#75)
lukso-network/website-support-center: docs/general/universal-profiles.md

:::

## My Tokens or NFTs are missing from universalprofile.cloud, how do I add them?

If your assets are not getting added to your Universal Profile, it is likely that the Universal Receiver is not able to edit the storage elements of your Universal Profile.

To solve this issue, [watch this video](https://www.loom.com/share/ff12158265e6482d837d5f9d420b87dd) or follow the steps below:

> 1. Open the UP! extension, click the "controllers" tab

Reviewer: I would stick to the official term `Universal Profile Browser Extension`, to have consistency across all pages.

```suggestion
1. Open the Universal Profile Browser Extension and click the "controllers" tab
```
